# Meeting Minutes (10/17/2024)

## Administrative
* Time: 1200
* Location: In-Class
* Scribe: Robert D'Allessandris

## Agenda
* Minimum Viable Specification

## Notes
* Robert and Josiah wrote up the minimum viable specification
* Joey checked off on the mvs

## Action Items
* Robert
 * add attack animations to player
 * add damage box to the attack animation
* Virginia
 * Work on health system
* Cara
 * Create menu pop up and control screen, maybe make them functional
* Josiah
 * Per Joey's suggestion, reduce the size of the dialog boxes


## Signatures
After the notes and action items have been pushed, each person should take a time to review them. If everything is agreeable, push a single commit with your name as a signature.
* Robert D"Allessandris
* Virginia Richards 
* Cara Zozokos
*

