# Meeting Minutes (09/24/2024 (Tuesday))

## Administrivia
* Time: 12:00pm - 2:00pm
* Location: Fawcett 204 / Russ Study Lounge
* Scribe: Abdelaziz Saleh

## Agenda
* Item 1
  * Discussion On Timeline.
    * Group decided to push "_design specification_" deadline back to 10/04/2024.
    * Group decided to push "_MVS_" deadline back to 10/11/2024.
    * Group decided to push "_Requirements_" deadline back to 09/27/2024.


* Item 2
    * Discussion On FrontEnd
        * Group talked about switching from flask to django. Decided to stick with flask.
* Item 3
    * Discussion On BackEnd
        * Group talked about switching from MongoDB (document) to SQL (relational).Decided to switch to PostgreSQL.
* Item 4
    * Redid Gant chart and corrected dates(not pushed yet as still adjusting it).
## Notes
* David; "I don't know Aziz I'm tweaking"
  * Aziz; "Thats going in the notes"
* Members in attendence
    * Aziz
    * Jinho
    * David
    * Dilean
* Members not in attendence
    * Revanth

## Action Items
* David
  * Figma design finished by Friday
* Entire Group
  * Requirments finialized by Friday

## Signatures
* Aziz
* ...


# Meeting Minutes (09/26/2024 (Thursday))

## Administrivia
* Time: 12:00-5:00
* Location: Russ 144
* Scribe: Aziz Saleh

## Agenda
* Guest Lecture;
  * Guest Lecture Paper: We finialied the guest lecture paper
* Requirments;
  * discussed requirments that will go on the requirments.md file

## Notes
* David: "No Aziz you can not have a full 3d human body model in the website".
  * Aziz: "Why not".
* Members in attendence
    * Aziz
    * Jinho
    * David
    * Dilean
* Members not in attendence
    * Revanth


## Action Items
* David
  * Presents Figma 
* Team  
  * Will push requirments to github
* ...

## Signatures
* Aziz
* ...